>> When most of us
hear the term, medium,
we think of Ouija boards,
tarot cards, and crystal balls.
But there is more to
mediums than Hollywood
has led us to believe.
Mediums believe, do
not speak with the dead
as there is no such
thing as death.
There is only a transition
from the physical being
to the spiritual being.
And mediums are sensitive
and intuitive enough
to hear, feel, and
see information
coming from the other side.
>> So it started when
I was three years old.
I was lying in my crib and I saw
all these things hanging over
me.
And I didn't understand
what it was, obviously,
because I'm three years old.
And my mom said good night.
And she put the light
off, closed the door,
and then everyone was around me.
And since then, I've
been scared of it.
I was so scared.
My whole life, I could see them
but I couldn't communicate.
And that was the scary part.
About two years ago my
brother got a heart attack.
And he was in a coma.
And my nagging sister came
around again and she said,
San, San, you must do something.
You can do something.
And I said, but
what, what can I do?
She said, can't you
go to him in a way?
So I say, OK, I'll try that.
And just like that, I got
quiet and I went to him.
And I said to him--
I talked to his spirit
and I said to him, listen,
what's wrong?
How can I help you?
And that's what they
call astral travel.
So I said to him,
listen, there is a light.
Because I saw the light, I said
to him, do you see the gates?
There's a light.
Go towards the light.
And he just went like this,
no, I'm not ready yet.
So I went to my brother
and I healed him.
I encouraged him,
his soul, his spirit.
And he got out of the coma.
Yeah, so that's where
my journey started.
And everything just came to
me, everything-- downloads,
I got visions, I got dreams,
and I connect with everything
around me.
My sister, I thank her because
she nagged me all the time.
She said, San,
you've got a gift.
And then I got so cross.
But now, I just want to help.
So my sister says,
OK, San, there's
a lady that died in the
house next door to us.
And that house is haunted.
So what can we do?
Can we help them?
I said, OK, let's go.
And I went up the stairs.
And I looked at the house.
And I saw the woman sitting
there in a sitting room.
And she was so lonely.
She drank every night.
She used alcohol
as a way to escape.
And what happened to
her, she passed out
and she hit her
head on the couch.
And she died there.
So she was stuck there.
And what happened?
People come and they
move into the house.
And they stay in there.
And at night-time when she
starts drinking, in her mind,
she thinks, what's this?
There's people in my house.
And that's why, they hurt her.
And they thought it was haunted.
So all I did, I just
said to her, listen,
you can't stay here anymore.
You've got to go
to a better place.
And you see there,
there's a light.
Go towards the light,
there's the light.
And I did a prayer for her.
And she went.
And since then, that house was--
there's new owner
staying in the house
and very happy about that.
So that was one of
the things I could do.
>> Mediums can connect with all
types of energy with those that
are in need of healing, souls
who are trapped between worlds.
But probably, most famously,
for connecting millions
of individuals with
loved ones that
have passed to the other side.
Belief in an afterlife
comes much easier
to some people than others.
A reading with a
truly gifted medium
is reported to be life
changing and specifically,
the trajectory of grief
you may be going through
from losing a loved one.
>> I just want to share
this side of my story,
because I've been missing
my mom for a long,
long time now from 2017.
And there is
something that I want
to communicate with her about.
I just want to clear some
things with her, because I don't
understand how she passed away.
If ever she's happy where she
is because most of the time,
she's always coming to me with
dreams, asking me some things.
>> Many mediums and spiritual
leaders believe that dreams
connect you to a
spiritual realm,
where steps to resolving your
trauma and self-development are
laid before you.
A world that has no time.
A world with no rules.
A world designed to
recalibrate your consciousness.
>> She came to my dream.
We were like in a forest.
My mom was cross with me.
Then she just left
me in the dark.
And I was like
trembling with fear.
And I was running
away, hopeless.
So I just want to clear on that
part to chat to her, if ever,
is there anything that
I have to do for her?
Or is there anything that
she's not happy about?
>> A medium by bringing
through specific information,
that nobody else
could possibly know,
can reestablish a connection.
>> So I've got one rule
in my house, one rule.
If they come to me,
I've got a waiting room.
And otherwise, I will
never have a life.
They will bother
me the whole time.
They will talk together.
And that won't work.
I've still got to do life.
I've got to have boundaries.
So they know the rule--
go to the waiting room,
take a number, and wait.
Where they are, there's no time.
They've got no time.
So they can wait.
And they respect my
boundaries and I respect them.
Full of love, full of
compassion, full of--
it's all about love.
They've got no pain in
that side, no sorrows.
It's all about love.
They come through to
bring some healing.
And that's where I come in.
That bridge?
I'm that bridge.
>> There is currently
more scientific evidence
to the reality of
near-death experience, NDE,
than there is for how to
effectively treat certain forms
of cancer.
The idea of astral
travel is ancient
and occurs in multiple cultures.
The modern terminology
of astral projection
was coined and promoted
by 19th century theorists.
It is sometimes
reported in association
with dreams and
forms of meditation.
According to the classical,
medieval, renaissance theories,
the astral body is
an intermediate body
of light linking the rational
soul to the physical body.
While the astral plane is an
intermediate world of light
between heaven and Earth.
>> So my sister says, OK,
San, a friend of hers,
her son is 17 years old.
He never spoke a
word in his life.
So I started working
with the angels.
I'll use Raphael, that's
the angel of healing.
And that's what I
did on my brother.
I go into meditation.
And I ask Raphael,
Raphael, come with me.
I want to go and
heal my brother.
And then Raphael is
always there by my side.
What I did, the next
night, I thought, OK,
if I can do this
with my brother,
I can do with this boy.
I went there.
In my mind, I said to him,
listen, my name is San.
I'm here to guide you.
What do you want
to say to your mom?
Or is there something wrong?
Can I help you?
So he gave me a
whole list of stuff
that he wasn't happy about--
like, the bathwater
is too hot, or I
don't like that food you
make, I love this song
you sing to me every day.
I love you.
And I thank you for what you,
my mother, is doing to me.
I said to him, OK, goodbye.
And I went on my way.
And the next day I
went to his house.
And when I saw him, I
said, hello, I'm here.
And he started rambling like,
[RAMBLES]
And his mother said he'd
never done that before.
He was trying to communicate.
He heard my voice.
He heard me.
He felt my energy.
That was an amazing
experience as well.
>> I would be so happy about
the fact that I am going to meet
Suzanne, today, because
it's been a dream come true
for someone to come and help
me to clear all things that are
going through my mind.
I would like Suzanne to help me
to get all the answers that I
have.
I've been missing my mom
for a long, long time now.
She's always coming to me with
dreams, asking me some things.
I just want to clear
some things with her.
>> At long last we meet.
OK, so she's saying,
why do I have
to wait so long
before you come here?
I want to talk to you.
She says, I want to talk to you.
And these people take so
long for me to talk to you.
She says, she's
very proud of you.
She's so proud of you.
So she says, A, why
do you fight so much--
your children, your
siblings, others?
Why do you fight so much?
It must be peace and love there.
>> We are fighting with
her sister, our aunt.
There were this money
issue that our aunt
was supposed to give it to us.
But now, it takes a long time
for her to give it to us.
So we don't know what
really happened there.
>> Yeah, so she says, why
do you fight about money?
Why?
Why do you fight about that?
Make peace with it.
Let it go.
I get these words, let it go.
Let it go, she says.
Because she sees no
other way for this.
She's saying, I'm just hearing
these words, let it go.
Let it go.
>> We can't do it, because we--
>> Let it go.
It's no use hanging on to this.
Let it go.
Make peace.
Life is too short.
Would she say that?
You know, would she say that?
>> We have to always push in
life, because life is short.
>> And she says, she's sorry.
She had to go.
It was her time.
Her circle is complete.
She had to leave.
It was her time.
It's not always a
great time for us,
but for them, it's their time.
And don't worry about her.
She's happy where she is.
She's in her heaven.
She loves you very much.
And you don't have
to worry one day.
And she wants to thank you,
thank you for everything
you've done for her.
And she says she
don't want to say it,
but you're her favorite.
She's not allowed to say that.
But she's going to say it now.
You're her favorite.
Did you do something special
for her when she crossed over?
>> Yes, I was doing
a ceremony after.
>> She said thank you for that.
Thank you for that.
It touches my heart
>> Oh, no.
>> Thank you for that.
She acknowledges you did
something for her in her honor,
not like a funeral of sorts.
She's not talking about--
she's talking about something
special you did for her.
>> Oh, wow.
>> She's thanking you for that.
And did you change something
in your house where you stay?
>> Nooo.
>> Some color, she's
showing me a color.
>> Yeah, I painted a
new color in my house.
>> I don't like that color.
>> She doesn't like--
>> She doesn't like that
color you paint in your house.
I don't like that
color but it's, OK.
I'll work with it.
She shows me your
daughter singing to her.
>> Yeah, they've got their song.
>> Is it?
>> My mom, then no one
have to sing that song.
>> All right, so she's
showing me the song.
She shows me your
daughter singing to her.
>> Singing to her, yes.
>> So she sang a lot to
her when she was ill?
>> Yes, a lot.
They've got this
song of both of them.
So by the time we were
doing that ceremony,
my sister knows this song.
So my sister was
singing this song.
And my daughter
said, no, that is
my song-- that is the song
of me and my grandmother.
So stop it.
Keep quiet.
Leave it.
It's our song.
>> OK, so she's showing me.
She appreciates that song.
And she still sings it
to her as if she's there.
But tell your
daughter she's there.
She's hearing that song.
>> Oh, wow.
She will be happy to hear that.
>> She's really not here
for you only, you know that?
She's here for your daughter.
>> For my daughter, that's
what I also realize.
>> It's not about you.
>> It's not, it's always
about my daughter.
>> Yeah, she's coming
through for her.
She'll be with her always,
as long as, she needs her.
She's showing me butterflies.
She's showing me
butterflies flying around--
not one, a few.
>> A few of them.
>> A few of them, yeah.
She's showing me
these butterflies.
So ask your daughter.
>> I'll ask her.
I'll ask if she can
see the butterflies.
>> Ask her.
If you see the butterflies,
remember that's--
>> That's her grandmother.
>> Yeah, your grandmother
coming through.
It's awesome, the signs they
send through for us to see.
>> And some of them, we just
ignore not knowing that--
>> You're not looking.
You're so busy with life.
Is there something you want
to say to her, a last word?
>> Because I dream about
her, left me in a forest.
>> This is how you feel
when she crossed over.
There's that feeling.
This is relating to
that, when she died.
When she died, this is
that-- this feeling you get.
>> That feeling I
get in that forest.
>> You left me.
And you've got to work with
that for you to work that out,
to go through that
process, to heal--
>> To heal and to accept it.
>> Yeah, because
you dream this--
>> Because it was terrifying.
>> --it's the same.
It's the same.
So all she's saying
is, I'm here.
That's all about healing.
So she says, heal yourself
and be there for your kids.
Be there for your loved
ones and heal yourself.
This is the feeling.
>> Thank you.
Thank you, mama.
>> Suzanne helped
me a lot today.
And it makes me very, very
happy that my mom is happy
where she is.
And with that dream,
she's always with me.
And I gained a lot from
her that, she told me
the other things that I
was also asking myself--
like, what is
happening to my life
because I was having
an issue of a money.
But she said, I must let it go.
I must take one thing at a time
as my mom used to say to me.
So it was a nice
session to meet her.
And it makes me feel very, very
happy to get all the answers
I was looking for.
I'm feeling so much light.
I'm feeling that all the burden
I was having it just get off
my body.
Now, I'm free.
I'm looking forward to
whatever that life brings me.
And I'm looking forward
to being myself again.
>> Many questions still
remain around mediums
and their ability to talk to the
intermediate world or predict
future outcomes.
Questions that can only
be answered if you,
yourself, are willing
to take the first step
to the other side.